Welcome, guys and girls, to this chapter.
In this chapter, we are going to learn how you can deploy the container image of your application to
Kubernetes cluster.
For the Kubernetes cluster, we are going to use Amazon Ex or elastic Kubernetes service, and we are
going to automate this whole DevOps pipeline using Jenkins as well as the brand new concept in Kubernetes
DevOps world.
Gitops Just a couple of quick things to keep in mind before we get started.
Even though Jenkins running on DT to the micro AC Tools is under free tier, Amazon X is not under free
tier.
So if you decide to do the demo with me and if you provision Amazon Elastic Kubernetes service cluster,
you will pay $0.10 per hour for each of the next cluster that you create.
So for example, for this demo you need one X cluster.
And if you follow this demo and run this x cluster for two or 3 hours, you will pay 20 to $0.30.
Alternatively, you can decide to just watch this videos and grab the concepts, or you can follow along
with me with the demo and pay that nominal fee.
The decision is totally up to you.
Another quick note for those of you who are already enrolled in my best selling Kubernetes course,
rocking Kubernetes with Amazon Case Forget and DevOps in Udemy, you will find this chapter familiar
because these concepts belong to both DevOps and Kubernetes.
So these lectures are covered in this Kubernetes course as well.
But for those of you who have not gone through those lectures, as well as new students in this course,
let's get started and learn how you can use Jenkins with Kubernetes.